                    CORPORATE ACKNOWLEDGMENTS


State of New York   )
                    )  ss.:
County of ........  )

     On the ...... day of ...... in the year ... before me
personally came ...... to me known, who, being by me duly sworn,
did depose and say that he/she/they reside(s) in ......  (if the
place of residence is in a city, include the street and street
number, if any, thereof);  that he/she/they is (are) the
(president or other officer or director or attorney in fact duly
appointed) of the (name of corporation), the corporation
described in and which executed the above instrument;  that
he/she/they know(s) the seal of said corporation;  that the seal
affixed to said instrument is such corporate seal;  that it was
so affixed by authority of the board of directors of said
corporation, and that he/she/they signed his/her/their name(s)
thereto by like authority.

     (Signature and office of person taking acknowledgment.)

-----------------------------------------------------------------

State of New York   )
                    )  ss.:
County of ........  )

     On the ...... day of ...... in the year ... before me
personally came ...... to me known, who, being by me duly sworn,
did depose and say that he/she/they reside(s) in ...... (if the
place of residence is in a city, include the street and street
number, if any, thereof);  that he/she/they is (are) the
(president or other officer or director or attorney in fact duly
appointed) of the (name of corporation), the corporation
described in and which executed the above instrument;  and that
he/she/they signed his/her/their name(s) thereto by authority of
the board of directors of said corporation.

         (Signature and office of person taking acknowledgment.)